its borders
sti truck Kuzminsky forest and
would
there is also
now peace
e
to avoid
hello dear
capital viewers exceed 20
Novokuznetsk
photo of the Kuznetsk Palace of Sports
metallurgists will be here today
meeting western conference neighbors
Neighbors in the Chernyshev Division
geographic neighbors
Novokuznetsk Metallurgist
accepted activity favor
her teams you can say that in everything
protector graphics and another let's
Consider this moment transfer center
does not pass
does not pass over Alexander
Islamov
not a word of Kuzmin is such
turn on a good point one more of this
commissions
everything just on the patch arises its all
siberia
but most importantly themselves are different and not
say offer your rivals
the group would get thrown on goal yet
one moment and still a goal of one foot
comes forward
and create another look
This episode will answer your questions.
parts of the debt on 1 2 protected
as observers
good luck a good way out for the forge beats off
the puck then bounce after that word
it continues almost afloat
but affected
eventually one puck passes
it fails only one pass to the penny
very active in front of jeff's gate
Glass and forward forge but not less
active defenders it is now its time
it is necessary for most of it is a reason
not only genuine to those who are her
supports puck on the patch and the most dangerous
a splinter on them a lot
understands 1090 fifth sowing number in
full team plays two players
fall under the throw dangerous dangerous not
come across an album
gate though gallops now
take class a
framework of own gate and again
he has to come into play
political scientist grow that's the moment dwell
departed puck
I was not sent to the target
to protection from method 2
let's get a look
therefore did not hit the target
according to any chance come back
and this is a difficult period now for
Siberia
one defender
the truth of the pulp when playing in most
Igor Ilyinsky
marsh itself varieties
including our lost
no and eye gloves come into play again
the fight begins on the patch of sneakers gate
gate of Siberia
immediately several players there figure out
relationship arbiter now followed
dairy kitchen items
Karamaeva Hiromi addition honored minute
silence and titles
Vasily Gritsak Party
can not yet because you yourself are not very
love
in such episodes but punish
I'm afraid of death
no, you know that
Zaytseva now got on the head
picking up
on the site of the transfer to Kutuzov bus
nonlinear zaytseva such a moment is
score and
lazo best fills the puck and finishing
turns out a hare year
in the capital
firing megalinskiy throw in
one touch whole class fix washer
catch on very active on
Piglet this and other house
Alexey Ivanov himself
real violence
I have been awarded at the current level
one of them is flawless
thus the result is
probably better
take preventive measures
still win the puck in his team
and and connects the defender after
Prank misses the target
paper
how lucky is Siberia now
billboard reviewed on stolen
Ha shana first the situation when
too country
paper sites but no
misunderstanding and another moment of paper
disappears scale but doesn't get to fight
I pressed myself now the gate paper pass
on defender you need to throw a game with fire
one indirectly right in the center there
Alexey Isaev
nobody is everywhere
caries
in the dream and then partners enter
phrase of your attacker
wave
kuranyi at dmitry kagarlitsky
coin music
christian pulsen with number eight
she was engaged
what shantsev said he would become
powerful force reception themselves called
bow down
the board scores now she says not
slaughter
I'm 0 to you
knowing thinking not
fund second shipped to
most dangerous moment korepanova contour
lunge sibiri appears m he is waiting
when somebody polihach
followed by roll finishing
I lose water does not fall
Mancuso-like probros changed
it is impossible that is a separate item with
the machine, but the moment it’s released the
barbell
Tomash went on one video
to break through
failure of lawmakers to grish person
everything sounds all by itself wins out
you doubt mullen account there 1